---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Contribution to Open Source
Commented on the [issue](https://github.com/webpy/webpy/issues/99)


## What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source  project to work on?

I am looking for a good community, and a good beginner's guide. As someone who is new to contributing to open source, I believe that it is important to find a project that is friendly and helps newcomers. I am also looking for a project that it doable. Meaning, it should expand my skill set, but should also be something within my abilities. If the project involves some crazy Mathematic or Scientific knowledge then it would intimidate me too much, and I would not want to contribute.

## What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)

Organization skills, Python, Javascript, and Java background, and my experience working on an open source project (Librosa).

## What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?

Mostly how it all works and that it's not that scary after all. I also want to use this as practice for the "real world."

## What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning  to work on an open source project?

That we won't be able to contribute anything because things seem too intimidating or it's too difficult to understand what the code is doing.

## Questions for Aurelia

1. What got you into open source?
2. What is your advice for people who want to start, but are too intimidated?
