## Contribution of the Week
Added MusED Lab to NYU Steinhardt page. [Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Steinhardt_School_of_Culture,_Education,_and_Human_Development&diff=prev&oldid=828953479)

Made an issue on Numba. [Link](https://github.com/numba/numba/issues/2796)

## Events

### Data Through Design: Opening Reception
The data through design reception featured concrete data visualization artworks using New York's Open Data. 
There was one work which talked about the fallacies of statistics, and another visualized the number of trees in a borough. 
There were two works which struck me. One was a visualization on the number of acts of sexual trauma done every second - a bit triggering for some I can imagine. 
Another was a visualization on low-level crimes which was done using pieces of rope. 
I really like data visualization so seeing exhibitions which I could touch and experience was great.

### NYC Open Data Week @ NYU
The event had a panel and an exhibition following the panel. One of the topics discussed during the panel was about the laws behind open data. My friends and I frequently talk about how it takes governments and lawmakers forever to pass laws related to technology. I think lawmakers making decisions about open data is one of these examples. There was also talk about privacy issues around data. This is something not novel to me, but I was interested that the panelists did not point out how anonymized data does not always work. There was a paper written by someone from Harvard, and the researcher was able to discover private information by cross referencing data.

As for the exhibitions, I found the restaurant health inspection very interesting - mostly because it reminded me of my data structure days :') The point of that exhibition was to show that many New York restaurants are actually As. However, I was curious as to whether the lack of location data point was an influence in this conclusion. For example, there may be a lot of A-rated restaurants in the East Village because there are a lot of restaurants in the East Village, but there may be more B-rated restaurants in - I don't know - Woodside. However, it just seems like there are more A-rated restaurants overall because there are proportionally more A-rated restaurants in the East Village. There's also that fact that while majority of the restaurants are A-rated, that doesn't mean there are NOT a lot of C-rated restaurants. I just had some issues with the conclusion since I did not think there was enough ~data~ backing it.
