---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Open Source

When I hear "open source," I think of a community contributing to a project for people to use. I think one of the advantages of open source vs. closed source is that anyone can contribute without a hiring process. Some of the potential problems with open source may be that it takes a while for issues to get solved because some open source contributors aren't necessarily paid to contribute to the project.

## Projects

#### Babel
Babel is a Javascript transpiler. It can convert a specified version of Javascript to a different version. You would use it because certain JS frameworks are easier to write in ES6 than older JS versions. Not sure what alternatives there would be, but I suppose just using an older JS version would be an alternative.

#### Docker
Docker allows developers to run their code in "containers." This allows a standard environment for development. An alternative would be running code in a VM.

#### Web Audio API
The Web Audio API allows you to make or play music in the browser. You would use it to convert a web page into an instrument or process audio files. An alternative would be using PyAudio - the Python equivalent.

#### Git
Git allows you to add version control to your code (or anything Software related). This can help you retrieve old versions of what you've written if you make mistakes in the future.


## Tom

1. What's the most challenging part of open source development?
2. How do you make newcomers feel welcomed in the community?
